Add Release Notes (release-2025-05) for Images Editing, PEIQ Agency Import, and Document Inbox for Data Records (#995)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/operations/releases/release-2025-05.md

One particular use case we had in mind is the use with Pitch documents, modeled as Data Records, to collect ideas for stories. The Document Inbox allows users to gather images or related stories that may prove useful when writing the final piece later on. If the document is transformed, the contents of the inbox are preserved and carried over to the resulting document.

To enable the inbox for a Data Record, configure which types of documents and media can be added to it.

```js
{
  handle: 'pitch',
  documentType: 'data-record',
  ...
  inbox: {
    contentTypes: ['regular'],
    mediaTypes: ['image']
  }
}
```

{{< feature-info "Media Center" "Server/Editor" >}}

### Media Center Image Editing :gift:

Journalists are sometimes required to redact areas of an image, such as license plates or faces, or to perform color corrections, such as adjusting brightness, contrast, or saturation. To simplify this task and eliminate the need for external tools, we are adding support for basic image editing.

{{< img src="./release-2025-05-image-editor-button.png" alt="Image Editor Button"  >}}

> In the Livingdocs, we added a new image editor. Users can open the editor by clicking the edit button in the media center detail view. It allows users to adjust brightness, contrast, or saturation, and to blur parts of an image. The original image is always preserved and can be restored at any time. Users can also continue editing an image or selectively undo specific adjustments at a later point. Once an edited image is saved, it will be served instead of the original.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added a new image editor to Livingdocs. Users can open the editor by clicking the edit button in the media center detail view. It allows users to adjust brightness, contrast, or saturation,  as well as blur parts of an image. The original image is always preserved and can be restored at any time. Users can also continue editing an image or selectively undo specific adjustments at a later point. Note that the edited version is used in place of the original in all delivery endpoints using the new image API. The original file remains stored and can be restored.
```

{{< img src="./release-2025-05-image-editor.png" alt="Image Editor"  >}}

Image editing is currently supported for jpg, png, and webp formats when [`use2025Behavior`]({{< ref "/operations/releases/release-2025-03/#media-center-image-variant-storage--delivery-gift" >}}) is enabled. Accordingly, images must be requested via the public API endpoint [`GET /api/2025-03/mediaLibrary/serve-image/{key}`]({{< ref "/reference/public-api/media-library/#serve-image" >}}) for the modifications to be applied.

{{< info >}}

> Make sure to have a CDN or other image service set up in front of Livingdocs that retrieves images via this API endpoint and caches them for serving in your frontend, to reduce load on Livingdocs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid performance bottlenecks, ensure you place a CDN or image proxy in front of Livingdocs, retrieving images via the new API. This prevents excessive load on the Livingdocs servers.
```
